I met up with two guides who knew where
to find the intrepid travelers who come
to this Beach which is protected by the
Omani government
can you see just down here with the
tracks like a dense it's like a tank
exactly this is very exciting married
very exciting
it wasn't long before we saw the first
visitor
my god there's one just there
that's an enormous and endangered green
turtle one of the greatest ocean
travelers for just one night every three
years she leaves the sea to look for
somewhere to lay her eggs I can't tell
you how excited I am to witness this
because I've never seen anything like
this before and you really see nature
here involved in one of its eternal
struggles no my good give me sir
all right okay
yeah well go let's go
there goes another one she's just
flopping out her eggs one by one there
aspirates the size of golf balls or
ping-pong balls so she's totally focused
on her birthday
it's all she's thinking she's not
worried about us oblivious to our
presence once she starts laying she'll
now bury around a hundred eggs in the
sand
[Music]
the turtles that hatch he arranged for
thousands of miles over the entire
Indian Ocean but they'll always return
to this Beach to lay their eggs one of
the world's largest breeding sites close
to the Tropic of Cancer
it can take all night to dig the nest
lay the eggs and then cover it all up
again just from looking at their
behavior utterly exhausting missus
they'll shift a bit of sand and they'll
rest no shifts or more sand than their
rest
and as one turtle was laying eggs and
others were hatching oh my goodness look
oh my goodness
tiny little turtles crazily
flip-flapping together understand oh yes
guess you're out you're alive
it was an inspiring moment as I
witnessed the birth of endangered
turtles that find protection on this
corner of the Arabian Peninsula
you